In this section we will learn about several more properties that CSSA gives us access to and how we
can use them to our advantage.
We will learn about background properties and how we can assign color and position backgrounds in our
elements.
We will also learn about border properties and how we can add borders of various styles and colors to
our element.
Then we will learn about box properties box properties are used to modify an element with regards to
the box model.
The idea that each element can be represented as being inside of a rectangular container.
After that we will learn about outline properties outline properties allow us to modify and elements
outline including changing its style color and thickness.
Next we will look at positional properties which allow us to modify the positioning of our elements
on the web page.
We will then learn about clipping and masking and the CSSA properties that allow us to clip and mask
images.
Finally we were learn about other useful CSSA properties such as customizing the cursor and controlling
whether or not the user can select text on the webpage by the end of this section.
You will have a solid understanding of many properties that CSSA gives us to color style position and
customize elements on our Web page and the next structure we will learn about the background properties
that CSSA gives us access to.